# Final-Project-CS1400
  The project I chose was to create a To-Do list application that would be able to take tasks and add them to the list of things you need to do. I have a lot of aspirations with this project because there are really a lot of things you can do with a To-Do list there really is no limit. I wanted to at very least be able to add tasks, remove them, switch around priority so you can delegate which one should be done first, and most importantly to be able to check off them off with a marked box to show that you have completed them. That is the most basic stuff I wanted but there are a lot more features I think I could include. More things I would like for this To-Do list would be to have dates associated with the tasks  if the user desires (such as due dates) and prioritize them based off of when which one needs to be done first. When I learn more about programming I think another cool feature to add would be to have notifications be sent to like your phone or computer about upcoming due dates or things like that, but I don't think I will be able to do that at this time. One more cool element I would like to implement is the To-Do list being like a RPG game in the same vain as D&D where you could roleplay as a character and you could get experience each time you defeat an enemy, aka a task, and level up and earn rewards or something like that. I have seen other applications do this idea but I have never really liked how any of them have implemented the idea, so I would like to create my own one day.
  This project was very interesting to me because one of the things I most struggle with is time management. I am sure you are very familiar with how I can procrastinate a lot and I wanted to do this project to help me deal with that problem at least a little bit. I also thought it was a cool project becuase of how limitless it can be. There are so many features you can add to a To-Do list and so I could really keep working on this project long after this class ends. I really like that aspect and it will give me something to work towards. I also liked this project because I could clearly see and make a sort of diagram in my mind how I could use what I have learned to be able to do the project. Like use a list to store the tasks and use a switch statement to give the user options. I think just using what I have learned and applying it has been very carthartic.
  
    I have learned from this project a lot about how to plan out what you want to do and in a lot of areas where I could improve. There are a lot of things I think I could go back and do differently, but also I am proud of what I did and I think it's cool I did something on my own. I learned a lot about what it takes to start and push a project forward. There were a lot of times that I didn't really know what I could do but that I just needed to do it and through a lot of trial an error I was able to at least make something work. I learned that the more time you give yourself to work on it, the project would probably be a bit better but I am still proud of what I have done. I have also learned that I think programming is just plain fun and I am hoping I can conitnue to learn more.
